Replace deprecated command in url enrichment v2 (#22261)
demisto/content: Packs/CommonPlaybooks/ReleaseNotes/2_3_10.md

#### Playbooks
##### URL Enrichment - Generic v2

> - Note: removed VirusTotal private api tasks from playbook, it's recommended to use this playbook with VirusTotal v3 now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Note: removed VirusTotal private api tasks from playbook. It is now recommended to use this playbook with VirusTotal v3.
```
